CHANGELOG: Add a raw version with all PRs towards Mixxx 2.4 (#4840)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix accasional resetting of played counter in database [#4578](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4578) [lp:1955159](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1955159)
* Recording: Fix table refresh issues [#4648](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4648)
* Add popup before deletion playlist and crates [#4697](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4697) [#4700](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4700) [lp:1912475](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1912475)
* Experimental: Fix writing of undefined MusicBrainz Recording ID   [#4694](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4694)
* Traktor library: fix importing track key [#4701](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4701)
* Add History cleanup options [#4726](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4726) [lp:1766163](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1766163) [lp:1969217](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1969217)
* Track Menu: Add ability to select loaded track in library [#4740](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4740)
* Add track context menu entry for Analyze and Reanlyze [#4806](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4806)

> * Track Properties: Show 'date added' as local time [#4838](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4838) [lp:1980658](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1980658)

Reviewer: this went into 2.3

* Allow to remove a track form the disk [#3212](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3212) [#4639](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4639)
* Fix accasional resetting of played counter in database [#4578](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4578) [lp:1955159](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1955159)
* Recording: Fix table refresh issues [#4648](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4648)
* Add popup before deletion playlist and crates [#4697](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4697) [#4700](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4700) [lp:1912475](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1912475)
* Experimental: Fix writing of undefined MusicBrainz Recording ID [#4694](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4694)
* Traktor library: fix importing track key [#4701](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4701)
* Add History cleanup options [#4726](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4726) [lp:1766163](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1766163) [lp:1969217](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1969217)

> * Track Menu: Add ability to select loaded track in library [#4740](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4740)
> * Add a track context menu entry for Analyze and Reanlyze [#4806](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4806)
> * Add a track context menu for looking up track metadata at Discogs, Soundcoud and LastFM [#4772](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4772) [#4836](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4836)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Track Menu: Add action to select loaded track in library [#4740](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4740)
* Track Menu: Add menu for Analyze and Reanlyze [#4806](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4806)
* Track Menu: Add menu for looking up track metadata at Discogs, Soundcoud and LastFM [#4772](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4772) [#4836](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4836)
```

* Fix accasional resetting of played counter in database [#4578](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4578) [lp:1955159](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1955159)
* Recording: Fix table refresh issues [#4648](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4648)
* Add popup before deletion playlist and crates [#4697](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4697) [#4700](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4700) [lp:1912475](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1912475)
* Experimental: Fix writing of undefined MusicBrainz Recording ID [#4694](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4694)
* Traktor library: fix importing track key [#4701](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4701)
* Add History cleanup options [#4726](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4726) [lp:1766163](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1766163) [lp:1969217](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1969217)
* Track Menu: Add ability to select loaded track in library [#4740](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4740)
* Add a track context menu entry for Analyze and Reanlyze [#4806](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4806)

> * Add a track context menu for looking up track metadata at Discogs, Soundcoud an LastFM [#4772](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4772) [#4836](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4836)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a track context menu for looking up track metadata at Discogs, Soundcoud and LastFM [#4772](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4772) [#4836](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4836)
```

* Fix type detection of AIFF files [#4364](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4364)
* AAC encoder: Fixed a memory leak [#4386](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4386) [#4408](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4408)
* Improve robustness of file type detection by considering the actual MIME type of the content. [lp:1445885](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1445885) [#4356](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4356) [#4357](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4357)
* Fix file type detection when file has wrong file extension by determining the MIME type from content [#4602](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4602) [#4600](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4600)
* Fix handling of files with wrong suffix
  [#4615](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4615)
  [lp:1445885](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1445885)

>   [#4589](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4589)

Reviewer: #4589 shouldn't this be in the **Audio Engine** category?

* Fix/Improve snapping to beats in various situations [#4366](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4366) [lp:1945238](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1945238)
* Allow to cancel active loops via beatloop_activate [#4328](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4328) [lp:1876003](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1876003)
* Don't wipe inapplicable sound config immediately [#4544](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4544)

> * Allow to reset loops via "[ChannelN], loop_remove" control object [#4802](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4802) [lp:1978507](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1978507)

Reviewer: This should go to below the other **Track Menu** entries, though just to improve discoverability?
Or we add it twice: the track menu action to **Library** and the control here?

  [#4217](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4217)
  [#1966](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/1966)
  [#4535](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4535)
  [#4770](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4770)

>   [#4771](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4771)

Author: I am unclear what is the issue here. Is it solved already?

>   [#4771](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4771)

Reviewer: I guess it doesn't matter, just noticed it

* Roland DJ-505: Make blinking lights blink in sync and other improvements [#4159](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4159) [#4517](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4517)
* Behringer DDM4000 mixer: Update controller mapping [#4262](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4262) [#4799](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4799)
* Numark DJ2GO2 Touch: Fix sampler, hotcue, beatloop buttons [#4287](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4287)
* Numark DJ2GO2 Touch: Fix Touch sliders and knobs [#4835](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4835) [lp:1948596](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1948596)
* Denon MC6000MK2: Improve mapping code [#4385](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4385)
* Yaeltex MiniMixxx: Add controller mapping [#4350](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4350)
* Added Trace for the mapping connections, to allow JS profiling [#4766](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4766)
* Fix crashe when using midi.sendShortMsg and platform vnc [#4635](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4635)
* Traktor S3: Fix timedelta calculation bugs [#4646](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4646) [lp:1958925](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1958925)

> * Pot support for arbitrary maximums in 7-/14-bit handlers from controller scripts[#4495](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4495)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add support to Potmeters to  handler arbitrary maximums in 7-/14-bit from controller scripts [#4495](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4495)
```

* Enable Qt logging categories for controller logging [#4523](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4523)
* Fix segfault during Mixxx shutdown due to a stale controller connection [#4476](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4476) [lp:1946581](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1946581)
* Components JS: Fix syncbutton [#4329](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4329)
* Roland DJ-505: Make blinking lights blink in sync and other improvements [#4159](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4159) [#4517](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4517)
* Behringer DDM4000 mixer: Update controller mapping [#4262](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4262) [#4799](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4799)
* Numark DJ2GO2 Touch: Fix sampler, hotcue, beatloop buttons [#4287](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4287)
* Denon MC6000MK2: Improve mapping code [#4385](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4385)
* Yaeltex MiniMixxx: Add controller mapping [#4350](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4350)
* Added Trace for the mapping connections, to allow JS profiling [#4766](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4766)

> * Fix crashe when using midi.sendShortMsg and platform vnc [#4635](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4635)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix crash when using `midi.sendShortMsg` and platform vnc [#4635](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4635)
```

* Make beat indicator control behaviour more natural [#3608](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3608)
* Allow skin scaling from preferences [#3960](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3960)
* Invert scroll wheel waveform zoom direction to mach other applications [#4195](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4195)

> * Waveform: Avoid visual glitch with ranges < 1 px [#4804](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4804)

Reviewer: went into 2.3.4

* Fix crash if no skin is available
  [#3918](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3918)
  [#3939](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3939)
* Fix leaked controls [#4213](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4213) [lp:1912129](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1912129)
* Shade: Remove initial setting of now accessible effect controls [#4398](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4398) [lp:1946811](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1946811)

> * Shade: Fix library sidebar splitter glitch [#4828](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4828) [lp:1979823](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1979823)

Reviewer: this was backported to 2.3.4 #4808

* Fix switching from Shade to other skins [#4421](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4421) [lp:1946812](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1946812)
* Use double click to reset knobs and sliders [#4509](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4509) [lp:1875999](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1875999)
* Use info not warning for skin COs [#4525](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4525)
* LateNight: move logo to the right [#4677](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4677)
* Spinny: allow to toggle cover art at runtime [#4565](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4565) [lp:1883362](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1883362)
* Add new searchbox styles [#4505](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4505)

> * Deere: add QuickEffect selector [#4590](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4590)
> * LateNight: add effect chain menu button [#4593](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4593)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add new Quick Effect selector and effect chain buttons [#4501](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4501) [#4502](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4502) [#4503](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4503) [#4590](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4590)  [#4593](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4593)
```

* Fix switching from Shade to other skins [#4421](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4421) [lp:1946812](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1946812)
* Use double click to reset knobs and sliders [#4509](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4509) [lp:1875999](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1875999)
* Use info not warning for skin COs [#4525](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4525)
* LateNight: Move logo to the right [#4677](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4677)
* Spinny: Allow to toggle cover art at runtime [#4565](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4565) [lp:1883362](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1883362)
* Add new searchbox styles [#4505](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4505)
* Add new Quick Effect selector and effect chain buttons [#4501](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4501) [#4502](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4502) [#4503](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4503) [#4590](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4590)  [#4593](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4593)

> * Fix crash when starting without a valid skin directory [#4575](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4575) [1934560](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1934560)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix crash when starting without a valid skin directory [#4575](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4575) [lp:1934560](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1934560)
```

  [#4461](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4461)
  [#4548](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4548)
  [#4503](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4503)
  [#4686](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4686)
  [#4691](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4691)
  [#4704](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4704)
  [#4748](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4748)

>   [#4833](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4833) [lp:1980078](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1980078)

Reviewer: indentation here & above

* Add Opus streaming and recording support. [lp:1338413](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1338413)
* Remove support for SoundSource plugins because the code was not well-maintained and could lead to crashes [lp:1792747](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1792747)
* Add HE-AAC encoding capabilities for recording and broadcasting [#3615](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/3615)

> * ID3v2 parsing: Improve log warnings [#4610](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4610)

Reviewer: also move to **2.4**

* Fix quoted search sentence. [lp:1784141](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1784141)
* Fix loading a track formerly not existing. [lp:1800395](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1800395)
* Fix importing m3u files with blank lines. [lp:1806271](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1806271)

> * Fix exporting m3u files with tracks and special characters by using the URL format [#4752](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4752)

Reviewer: how did this end up in the 2.1.6 changelog? : )
